something that I do is a leader that I think recommend for anybody in
that you could imitate is to be a leader. You also need to be a reader,
right? So if you look at some of the greatest leaders that we've
had, you know, in the military or just in in life in general they've
usually been well read individuals. And so you know something that
you can do is just start to read. It doesn't even have to necessarily
be, Ah, books on leadership. Just read, period. Start reading something
that you like in a particular subject or category that you enjoy.
And then you can kind of start maybe moving into MME. Or other
challenging subjects. Or start really trying to read up on leadership
through books, find people that you admire and see if they've written
a book on leadership again. Most of our well respected military
leaders probably have something that they've created or written. Even
if it's not a book, it's probably some sort of, you know, memorandum
or doctrine that they've written, and you can read that and try and
then emulate that in your day to day Ah, conversations and work ethic
and those kind of things